- Can you get big with bands?
See that question all the time?
A lot of people make
declarative statements.
Either you can or can't
get big with bands.
Now, I'm gonna give you the truth here.
Bands absolutely suck if you're using them
by themselves.
The problem with a band,
and I have one here, show
you if I'm gonna do a pushup
with a band, and let's say
I throw it around my back
and I go to get on the floor
in pushup position holding the
band like this, the
problem is my hand is going
to outwardly rotate because
the van wants to be a circle.
The more tension you put on
it, the more it wants to be in.
Its just natural shape.
It's gonna twist your
joints, it's gonna hurt you.
You won't even be able to load
properly in the stronger position.
But most importantly,
the stretched position,
the down position, that's
where the most muscular stimulus happens.
I know there's been a lot of
guys, kind of the, the guru
internet PhD guys who've
been talking about lengthened
partials and the importance
of lengthened partials.
I, I think they've definitely over hyped
that issue, but they're not wrong.
Any set of anything that anyone ever did,
the stimulus happened at the bottom.
That's where you go to fatigue.
So you don't want to ignore
that position with a band.
You can't load that position.
Like it's just awkward and it hurts.
So bands by themselves suck.